for the last five thousand years of recorded history %HESITATION virtually
everyone at some time or another in their lives been called upon
to defend their country their own their state %HESITATION their city
whatever group they belong to and those people always bonded together
in a way that is allowed them to get through these onerous times
when people are injured or even killed %HESITATION in so virtually
everyone has had some exposure to being required or being called to
do time in the military I think we we are better equip these days to
handle virtually everyone in the military that we were back in the
days of the Greek city states for instance where if you were called
to a war you got your shield your spear and you stood in line today
there are very few people who are engaged in the actual task of fighting
%HESITATION there's so much support work so much planning so much
meat and so much training going on the only small number of people
actually %HESITATION are at the pointy end of the spear as they say
so there is really a place for virtually everyone in the military
so they take a contrary in view on that there is a place for everybody
even artist can be a photographer even a great writer can be in
military journalists %HESITATION so there's a place even for people
you don't think I was having particular military skills a but there
is one group of people who probably shouldn't be in the military and
there are those who are so anti social in so resistant to any kind
of %HESITATION group those or just one that they just can't get along
in the military and those people probably gonna have trouble with
society but they certainly don't belong in the military